Good afternoon, Mrs. Maria. How are you feeling today? Good afternoon, too, Barangay Health Worker. I'm feeling a bit unwell. There are times when I feel dizzy and nauseous. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. It might be due to your pregnancy. But let's see. We just need a little time to assess your condition. We can start with your symptoms. Apart from dizziness and vomiting, are there any other symptoms you are experiencing? Sometimes my back hurts and I get tired easily. Thank you, Mrs. Maria. How about your eating and sleeping? Are they normal? Not really. I can't taste the food, so I can't eat properly. I also have difficulty sleeping. I understand. How about your previous pregnancies? Did you have similar experiences? No, this is different. I feel worse now. It might be due to your age, Mrs. Maria. But I assure you that we will address this. Let's talk about your lifestyle. Do you exercise regularly, Mrs. Maria? Not much. Always tired. And your family, do they have any history of diseases that could affect your pregnancy? Not that I know of. That's good. Is this your last pregnancy or do you plan to have more children in the future? This is the last one. Barangay Health Worker. Thank you for your openness, Mrs. Maria. For now, it's important that we take care of your health for you and your baby. First, we need to make sure you are eating enough and balanced. It's also important to take your vitamins and iron supplements. Second, even though you're tired, let's try to have a little exercise. It could be a simple walk around your house. And lastly, we need to make sure you are getting enough sleep. This will help your condition and the health of your baby. With all of this, it's also important that we talk to your doctor. They are knowledgeable about the best action for your condition. Thank you, Barangay Health Worker. I will follow your advice. Thank you, Mrs. Maria. After our conversation, I will call your doctor to inform them about your condition. Next week, I will come back to see if there are changes in your symptoms. But if you have any concerns, don't hesitate to call me. For now, let's start changing your routines. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask. I don't have any. Barangay Health Worker, you've been a great help to me. That's my job, Mrs. Maria. What's important is that you and your baby are healthy. I will come back next week. Just make sure that if you're not feeling well, call me immediately. Yes, Barangay Health Worker. Thank you very much. You're welcome, Mrs. Maria. Take care of yourself and your baby. Until next time.
